docs/k8s: updated helm doc for short-lived SA tokens (#15675)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/platform/k8s/helm/examples/kubernetes-auth.mdx

This assumes the following commands will be run inside a Vault pod running in Kubernetes.

Exec into the Vault pod:

```bash
kubectl exec -it vault-0 -- /bin/sh
```

> First, login using the `root` token and then run the following commands to configure the Kubernetes Auth Method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you didn't set `server.dev.enabled=true`, you'll need to log in to Vault first using `vault login`. Then run the following commands to configure the Kubernetes Auth Method:
```

Author: @tomhjp Thank you for the review. I've fixed according to comments.
